Committing changes for signInFrequency updates (#16097)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/signinfrequencysessioncontrol.md

| Property     | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
|isEnabled     |Boolean      | Specifies whether the session control is enabled. |
|type          |signinFrequencyType       | Possible values are: `days`, `hours`, or `null` if frequencyInterval is everyTime .|
|value         |Int32        | The number of `days` or `hours`.|

> |authenticationType |signInFrequencyAuthenticationType  | Possible values are `primaryAndSecondaryAuthentication` or `secondaryAuthentication` .|
> |frequencyInterval  |signInFrequencyInterval  | Possible values are `timeBased` or `everyTime` .|

Reviewer: `unknownFutureValue` helps customers know these are evolvable enums and they can handle future changes in their code
```suggestion
|authenticationType |signInFrequencyAuthenticationType  | The possible values are `primaryAndSecondaryAuthentication`, `secondaryAuthentication`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
|frequencyInterval  |signInFrequencyInterval  | The possible values are `timeBased`, `everyTime`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
```

```json
{

>   "isEnabled": true,

Reviewer: Please restore the **isEnabled** property, the type will be "Boolean" though - this property is inherited from the **conditionalAccessSessionControl** base type. Unless it's not returned in the response payload - then that's a different conversation.
